We will go with the answers to the
accounting and finance test.
There are 26 questions and
each one has only one correct
answer.
Which of the following items
is not included in the permanent
resources?
Permanent resources are the current
assets plus the non-current liabilities.
Current liabilities are those
that have a debt that has a
venture of less than one
year.
This is outside of the permanent resources.
What is Spontaneous Financing
for Suppliers?
What are the advantages of
financing through suppliers?
You don't have to pay a rate
of interest, it effectively reduces
the operating fund needs.
The more you finance with
suppliers, the lower the NOFs and
do not contribute to
the debt rate, so they are all
correct.
Permanent assets should be
equal to, or greater or smaller
than non-current assets
or fixed assets.
Permanent resources, which are
net assets and non-current liabilities,
which are debts with a maturity
of more than one year, should
in principle be equal to
or greater than non-current
assets or fixed
assets.
We will see it from another perspective.
That is, non-current
assets or fixed assets in principle
should be financed how?
And here it is well understood.
Keep in mind that non-current
assets or fixed assets are low-
liquid assets that will be converted
into treasury over a period
of more than one year.
So how should you finance it?
With short-term debt or with permanent
resources?
You have to fund it
with permanent funds.
If we increase the average period
of payment to suppliers and
you will finance it,
the debt to leverage ratio is
what happens with it.
What happens to him is that he is decreasing.
We think we have an asset
of one million euros.
This increases the average
payment period to suppliers.
In this case, the operational
needs of funds that they make
increase or decrease.
We have to fund one million euros.
We can finance them in different ways,
it is the current asset, the most
liquid asset.
Well, because the later
we pay suppliers, the smaller
the operational fund
needs will be.
That is, they decrease.
If we increase the rotation
of stocks, the operational
needs of funds they make increase
or decrease.
The stock is
in the balance sheet.
If what we do is increase the
rotation, that part decreases.
The operational needs of
funds are lower.
We have to fund a smaller asset.
Now we'll think that
we've increased the rotation
of assets, for example
stocks, as we've seen before.
What happens to the asset'
s profitability?
Well, the profitability of the asset
in this case what it does is increase.
Let us explain why.
The profitability of the asset is
equal to the net profit for the asset.
Therefore, if we increase the
turnover of assets,
we need less asset to
get the same net profit.
Or, seen from another perspective,
we could have more net profit with
the same asset.
Therefore, in any of the cases
what we do is to increase
the profitability of the asset.
Therefore, it is always necessary to seek to
ensure that the rotation of assets is as large
as possible.
Now, let's go to the profitability
of own funds or ROE.
What depends on?
It depends on the profitability on
the asset, correct, obvious.
It also depends on the leverage ratio.
The more profitability you get
on your asset and the more you
leverage and the less your own funds
are, the greater the profitability
you get on each euro invested
in your own fund.
Both answers are correct.
If we increase the leverage
ratio, the balance of equity
funds over equity, what
happens?
Increases or decreases.
What it does is decrease.
We are more likely to be funded
by foreign funds or debt.
So if we increase the leverage
ratio, the profitability
on equity or the
ROE, what happens?
Here, it is necessary to matte as long
as the profitability on the asset
is higher than the cost of the debt.
What do you do when you
are in debt is increasing.
If those investments you are making
generate a higher profitability
than the cost of debt, what you
do is that the profitability
you get from the money that the
partners have put in is
higher.
Therefore, we must seek a
greater leverage, as we
have seen many times, always,
but well, to get to a point
that is reasonable.
The economic profitability is ROE,
the profitability on the asset
and the financial is the
profitability on the own funds.
In principle, which company will have
a profitability on the largest asset?
The test has a profit
of 0.5 million
euros.
A gym that has a considerable
asset, a cellar that
also has it.
In the case of gyms they are capex, they
are non-current active.
In the case of the cellar, most
of what you will have is current
assets, which are stocks,
etc., or a consultant
that almost has no assets.
If the test has the same
net profit, the consultant
will have a much higher profit
on the asset.
A business with a higher risk
we have to apply a discount rate
when we want to value that
business.
What do we apply?
A higher discount rate or a
lower discount rate.
Because the risk is higher,
we have to discount it, we have
to demand a higher discount rate.
This is a bit the same.
If we increase the required
discount rate, and what we
do is discount cash flows, the
current value of the cash
flows you make increases or decreases.
If we increase the discount
rate required, the current value
is decreasing.
The value of a company is equal to
the value of its own funds plus or
less the value of the debt.
The answer is more.
Sometimes it is a little
counterintuitive, but if we
think from another perspective,
the value of equity is equal to
the value of the company minus
the value of debt.
So sure you understand it well.
What are the approaches to
valuing a company?
The value of your assets, the
market value we can obtain
using the comparable multiple,
the discount of cash
flows.
Well, since all the above are
the approaches we have seen in
the course to evaluate a company.
The PER measures the relationship between
the price of the stock, price,
earning, ratio, the price of the
stock and the profits.
It is convenient that you understand
what PER is because it is a
very common multiple.
What are the non-commercial companies
that are used?
The PER is usually used many multiple,
but well, let's put two.
The PER is usually used more for listed
companies because we are talking about
the price of the stock.
In non-cotted companies it is very
common to use a multiple on EBITDA,
which can be, because imagine,
that they are companies that
are indebted.
If, while you do not exceed
a certain level of risk, yes,
because leverage increases
ROE, both are correct.
They are very related.
What happens with leverage
is that it increases profitability
over own funds, but of course,
if you are leveraging, borrowing
too much, you are taking
an excessive risk.
So, to that point, the values
are easier to apply, because
it is easier to apply the comparable
multiple.
What is the value of the current net value?
The economic value created by an
investment in monetary units and
given a discount rate, the profitability
of an investment.
The return on investment is
TIR, measured in percentage.
The value is the economic value.
If we increase the discount
rate, the VAN, what happens?
decreases or increases.
We have seen it before.
The Van is decreasing.
We are demanding higher returns and
the net current value of that
investment is lower.
The TIR is the discount rate that
makes the VAN zero, correct.
In a high-risk investment, we should
require a higher or lower TIR,
if higher.
If you face a high-risk investment,
you have to demand a
higher return, right?